clean up deployment step Closes: rhbz#2187302 (#469)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_deploying-the-overcloud.adoc

(undercloud) [stack@undercloud-0 ~]$
----

> . Add your data collection and AMQ Interconnect environment files to the stack with your other environment files and deploy the overcloud:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add your data collection and {MessageBus} environment files to the stack with your other environment files and deploy the overcloud:
```

+

> [source,bash]

Reviewer: Is there a reason you removed the options and subs parameters here?

Reviewer: At the very least the nowrap needs to remain. I'm still not convinced there was anything wrong in the first iteration. This change doesn't solve the "just let me paste to deploy" problem, and there will always be extra environment files to pass beyond what we request in a deployment of OSP.

----

> (undercloud)$ openstack overcloud deploy --templates \

Reviewer: I'm not sure why we're changing the prompt here?

Author: I was trying to align more closely to these guidelines https://docs.engineering.redhat.com/display/RHOSPDOC/Style+Guide+for+RHOSP#StyleGuideforRHOSP-Redeployment_steps
We can go leave it alone if that is preferable

Reviewer: If there is a preferred style guideline, I'm fine with changing it, as long as we change it consistently throughout the entire guide.

Reviewer: OK now that I've seen that link, the other changes also make more sense now. I think it would be worth referencing some of the official deployment documentation at https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.0/html/director_installation_and_usage/assembly_provisioning-and-deploying-your-overcloud#doc-wrapper

I see there is an example there now we could use as well:

https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/17.0/html/director_installation_and_usage/assembly_provisioning-and-deploying-your-overcloud#proc_creating-your-overcloud_ironic_provisioning

Maybe we should change our prompt to look like that example, and then just add our STF bits after it? At least we'd be more consistent with what the admin might have seen before. We'll need to check this across the versions to make sure we can reference the links down to at least 13...

 -e [your environment files] \
 -e /usr/share/openstack-tripleo-heat-templates/environments/metrics/ceilometer-write-qdr.yaml \
 -e /usr/share/openstack-tripleo-heat-templates/environments/metrics/qdr-edge-only.yaml \
 -e /home/stack/enable-stf.yaml \
 -e /home/stack/stf-connectors.yaml
----

> * Include the `ceilometer-write-qdr.yaml` file to ensure that Ceilometer telemetry and events are sent to STF.
> * Include the `qdr-edge-only.yaml` file to ensure that the message bus is enabled and connected to STF message bus routers.
> * Include the `enable-stf.yaml` environment file to ensure that the defaults are configured correctly.
> * Include the `stf-connectors.yaml` environment file to define the connection to STF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Include the `ceilometer-write-qdr.yaml` file to ensure that Ceilometer telemetry and events are sent to {ProjectShort}.
* Include the `qdr-edge-only.yaml` file to ensure that the message bus is enabled and connected to {ProjectShort} message bus routers.
* Include the `enable-stf.yaml` environment file to ensure that the defaults are configured correctly.
* Include the `stf-connectors.yaml` environment file to define the connection to {ProjectShort}.
```
